What about General Director Jiang?
The promise is gone now.
The whole company is messed up what's messed up
There is a problem with the design drawings.
Let's find someone to adjust.
But don't flinch.
Say something quickly.
But the designers who participated in the design revision yesterday were all opened by you and General Manager Guo.
No one can handle it now.
It's just a broken drawing.
Just do it.
How's it going?
The parents have called.
If not dealt with in time
The project stops working at any time.
General Director Jiang, what should we do now?
Gotta go now.
Continued delay affects the company's stock.
When the project stops working
The company is over, but
I've got another way.
It can be general.
Your head is not normal.
What time is it?
Ichiki, I'm in trouble.
I have a problem with a bridge project here by the Giang Vinh Group.
Can you help me?
Okay.
Who's going to find me now?
What situation?
You're in Giang Bay.
I can't explain.
Can we meet?
Okay, I'm nearby, too.
No problem, I'm nearby.
Follow me downstairs.
I'll see Imgo soon.
It's stressful, it's sudden.